W-16459758 doc review duke (#291)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/quick-start.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Monitoring is the part of Management Center in Anypoint Platform that provides data on Mule apps that are running on CloudHub or an on-premises server. 

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring is the Management Center feature in Anypoint Platform that provides data on Mule apps that are running on CloudHub or an on-premises server. 
```

Author: Just apps?
